anyway right I've got seven minutes
until my next supervision which is on
stars and this supervision is just me
because my supervision partner didn't
want the supervision this is probably
gonna be a car crash see prior because
you know only our supervision are in
pairs but if the super agents just me
then I have to answer all the questions
you can't share them at all that doesn't
happen there's only a new look at this
fat stack of notes hi how are you I got
a weird answer in what I sent me and
then I tried looking at it again what I
got confused with was I hadn't an
expression for the majus laptop but then
I realized oh it's the master swept top
per second so then I'd need to know the
time of the expansion phase okay I
should've just gone back to that I
started looking at and thinking I was
wrong okay so in the notes it says that
the main sequence has an intrinsic
widths new increases because you're
helium faction goes up the temperature
and density increased offset that but
then there's a figure in our notes the
evolution track bends off to the right
corresponding to lower temperature
rather than increasing temperature right
so more absorption means you can probe
less fast so it appears bigger I don't
know I thought when forming the white
dwarf a lot of the outer layers are
striped with our other hydrogen in okay
are we just supposed to know you those
values for the absolute magnitudes no I
did yeah yeah thank you bye
I was a really good supervision really
useful I like it good so no super the
reason I liked that supervision with my
supervisor was like you seem really well
prepared you seem like you know your
staff you're gonna be fine and you know
I need that boost the thing is
supervisors have different approaches
one of my super
Isis goes the whole time or this is
Brooke quirk oh you sure you haven't
covered this I'm surprised you don't
know this and it makes you feel like
you're really stupid
whereas supervisors like the one I just
had I like
yes well done you've got that really
smooth question right congratulations
pat on the back to you you know and I
need that praise I am shocked
because about a week ago if you had
asked me in any detail about the
evolution of stars I wouldn't have been
able to tell you anything beyond the
very basic evolution steps and we're
supposed to know the reason behind every
little turn on the hertzsprung-russell
diagram but now I'm pretty confident in
it I've been through it a few times and
I reckon I can talk about what's going
on in detail so if I do get an essay
type question on evolution of stars I
could crush that I'm gonna Oscar say I'm
gonna have a coffee but I'm not even
sure if I'm that hungry or thirsty maybe
I do want a coffee now I'm gonna get a
coffee
the time now has come to go into a
review phase you might be wondering page
what is review phase let me tell you
past few weeks I have been blitzing past
paper questions but every time I
finished one set I've had a super vision
on them and then quickly moved on to the
next set and there have been loose ends
that I haven't tied up I now need to go
back and tie up those loose ends
my supervisor commented on my saxophone
that's the second supervisor to comment
on my saxophone actually it's actually
positioned really nicely so that when I
have the webcam on my computer it's
right next to me kind of frames the
background you know am i showing it all
yeah and they go oh would you play
saxophone and I'm like oh that old thing
why yes I do
all right I've got a coffee on the end
I've just realized that that was my last
supervision ever it didn't clock
beforehand that was literally my last
ever supervision what I really don't
know how to feel about that it almost
makes me sad do you know what I think
now is a good time to acknowledge all of
my supervisors and give them a master
shout out my supervisors in first year
my supervisors in second year my
supervisors in third year they have
literally taught me so much
supervisions is what makes the quality
of teaching at Cambridge so good their
small group teaching sessions they
really focus in on the individual
students you don't get lost in the crowd
big thank you to all of my supervisors
in my time at Cambridge maybe I should
say this Thank You speech until after I
passed exams but cheers supervisors
hello everyone I've just come to camp
with my family and or the menu today is
Trudy Kulkarni and yes we know it
doesn't look like the normal
surroundings of CAF and we have pictures
of me and my sister rather than
portraits on the wall but we've got cat
food right here Jesus put a chili con
carne recipe that they use in CAF on an
online site which we downloaded and my
mum has made capcity con carne it's
basically the calf experience but at
home sorry I'm very excited this evening
good to stretch the legs I am up this
morning it's 10 o'clock and I'm just
about to start a mock exam so I've set
up my table in my room I am getting up a
past exam paper that I haven't done any
questions from and I'm literally timing
myself three hours and attempting it as
if it were the real thing hopefully this
goes well if this goes badly it's gonna
be stressful hello everyone so I have
done the mock paper this morning it went
okay I'm pretty confident I can pass
these exams I found myself getting
stumped on things I know I've been
stumped on before and I need to I need
to iron out those problems now I'm gonna
review a number of questions to say
afternoon as many as I can get through
it to be quite honest I'm gonna come
back to this paper a day later
I can't mark it because I don't have a
mark scheme but I can definitely review
the parts and the notes where I wasn't
so sure about things that's good so it
is
9:40 I'm still deep in revision today
I've been spending a long time going
through my stars notes but I really need
to review at least one other module
today so I don't get behind and today
doesn't have
left so it's not looking good I don't
know why I can't stick to schedules I
need to email my supervisor because
there was a question about finding the
mass of a helium core of a star once the
main sequence phase is over and it
should be simple use a bit of Einsteins
mass-energy equation yet maybe I'm over
complicating it but I'm getting wild
answers that are definitely not correct
and you're not wasting about an hour
staring at that I'm not going anywhere
and I literally think it's probably a
one mark-to-market question I kid you
not I know going to bed now I'm calling
it a night
today's been useful I can take off my
dynamics review as well now let's hope
for a good day tomorrow hello and
welcome to today's update I apologize
for my appearance do you know what the
revision life is not a glamorous
lifestyle I'm getting stressed today so
I thought I'd go put a face mask on in
attempt to relax myself you know what
information just isn't going in your
head as quick as you want it to yeah
that's what I'm feeling right now um I
did another paper this morning and that
was okay my mom said to me Oh Paige
we're not going to be panicking tomorrow
are you I said of course I'm gonna be
panicking it's a day before my first
exam I always panic I am just making my
peak um cheat sheet I wonder a Russian
crew them cheat sheets because it's not
really cheating it's just their
summaries or modules that I'm putting on
the top of the my notes for each module
so that if I need a quick reference
during the exam given it is open book I
can just refer to my cheat sheet this
time tomorrow I'm going to be sitting in
my first exam and that is not an
exciting thought I'm just doing that
last minute cram trying to go through
all my notes at speed and remember
things and hopefully even some of the
small things I see in this time will
stay in my short-term memory for
tomorrow as you might have noticed
earlier in this vlog and indeed now I am
having a massive breakout on my face we
love it and it's always when I'm
stressed that this happens
I'm not staying up late tonight that is
one thing I am definitely not
doing because I don't think the
knowledge I gain from staying up late
will be worth the decrease in brain
function when I'm too tired to do the
exam tomorrow I've learned from my
mistakes last year I'm not sure how much
of a difference the work I do today is
going to make but I'm still going to
work it is 8 o'clock and I want to go to
bed at 11:00 this evening I actually
normally go to bed about midnight but
today I am moving my bedtime earlier I'm
really nervous really really nervous I
just don't want to let myself down
it's weird circumstances to sit exams
but so many people across the country
are sitting exams in this manner this
year
honestly I've got this let's do this one
week to finish my degree almost I've got
a Viper at the end of June so
technically I'm not finished till the
29th or 30th of June but I'm basically
gonna be finished with my degree in a
week's time I'm gonna do three more
hours of revision and then get to bed
I'm going to end this look here if you
enjoyed it please give it a like and
subscribe to my channel to see more
content from me stay tuned to see how my
exams go follow my Instagram for more
updates on my life it is act underscore
paid underscore Y I'll see you guys soon
with another video the next video is
going to be a scary one I'm going to be
looking it all week we love it
see you guys soon bye
[Music]